hi my name's my job is ashish a minister
we open 20 25 8 9am silver
saturday's and tensile three we cater
for everything so with its MMA or boxing
fan conditioning general fitness weight
loss weight gain weight management we
deal with every
some world-class trainers were
firefighters some of the years of
experience
the atmosphere is great growth market
rate
the timetable is going to be bold as we
grow or increase open times when they
could weather comes we're going to do
spotted luncheon at markets door
we're looking to get around by camp
together the shops going to open soon
will be the only shop or the daily gym
in the Midlands
fire source vending machine
we've got a mixed variety from Pro
fighters pro bodybuilders to general
athletes other schools people
enhance their games so wasteful delays
etc to general keeping
judo Jimmy warhead we have Mahalo
when Jefferson George we have just seen
judgment even come around again so we
have some pretty well
my backgrounds military of the PT on a
parachute regiment after i left the RL
wear protection for many years without
run into the film industry as a military
advisor the trainer and times got up
just evolve more into spending condition
more quite a story
to be honest I mean without any
beginning i think that the Senators on
yourself most of the people that you had
pulled into the gym as soon as they walk
in see the size of the journey
if you're serious bucket and a shake and
it's been example then get yourself down
to the most machine gym
narborough my freeze ray mr mike jarvis
or only Jimmy it's not been a very long
it's a great great facility free parking
area I build my condition here with
office a week after my bama 12 yr
petition the MMA here in one is fight
back in the UK since my last word on
bama and I've contract obligations with
Bellator to get out the way first you
know my contracts spent there now and
I'm back in the UK fighting where I want
to be from the British buns on the show
want to fight on bama a little bit by an
American it's so different I don't get
the same feeling for a fire and get seen
boys the same the same energy for
pioneering from UK fans the footage you
know amazingheights a reaction I get off
the ground
it pushes you to want to dig deep in you
know give the best Pullman possibly
given that's what I say thanks to the
function with funds from the support and
I hope to keep entertaining I don't
travel very well and I've learned a lot
from that and I've learned a lot from
the fights are up rustling Bellator as
well go for every time to fight now the
striking scrapper is big small fast slow
all the support over the plasma for
everything now so I feel like yeah I'm
just really happy to be back in a lot of
experience now a lot more relaxing my
approach you which we said forward
forward to fighting again for the front
binding alarms in my dream I slightly
they were able to fight me or see one
day yeah for a few years now I don't
even give it I'm not like we're going to
be in the UFC I mean so many good guys
out there and they need a bit of look
and if you're going to your seat your
time I thought you can't push it and
stress about those to worry about it
when it's so bad I've also one actually
it's not fighting is my income
Fighting's mark my job just want to
fight and make money and if the UFC came
along and actually it brilliantly I'll
embrace it and I've been a piece by the
world but i'm not i'm not chasing it i
just want to win for every fight one at
a time and just enjoy it and joy what
I'm doing yeah you no way I'm going to
forget some time got my list usually
have a list in my hand here so that's
our bad amber a real bad memory and get
punched too much like all my coaches
again if you get em from sorry Owen
comrie owen king mark Jarvis Lee limits
and Victor estima at my sports very miss
Paul White keeps me going
LMO sponsors lose power UAV CSS security
foods to fight here over the main crop
for Martin malnutrition hinges on my
diet and he's really helped a couple
wait well for this fight vibram
fivefingers primal lifestyle pain fight
where I'm going to forgot someone but
that's mostly and if I forgot you am
very very sorry and my list thank you to
everyone each sportsmen as we are
addicted Emily that's a lot of mixed
martial arts let's give me bald head
gosh mr. boy dear how are you gotta be
the poor if I had a choice dad I member
man sir vlada choice i'll eat dominoes
pizza every single day obviously I can't
this might sound a bit coy but I'm just
addicted to map my mystery of my kids
silly time happen when mom missing my
kids I just feel I swallowed forward to
be able to every day so it sounds a bit
corny but it's the truth in it there you
go thank you Jim unit so thanks a lot
Cheers
that made me come down there